__Simple Twitter__

Client Side:

  * Prompts the user for their username and password
  * Provides a welcome message that displays the number of new tweets/messages generated by the current user's subscriptions
  * Provides a menu that allows the user to select from their valid options. 
  * Menu option: See offline messages
      * Prompts user if he or she wants to see all messages or select messages from a particular subscription. If the user picks the latter, then the client provides a list of the current subscriptions that the user can choose from.
  * Menu option: Edit subscriptions
      * Gives the user the choice to add or drop a subscription. If the user wants to add a subscription, prompt the user fro the name and display a message indicating whether the name is valid or not. If the user wants to delete a subscription, the user is given a list of their current subscriptions to choose from.
  * Menu option: Post a message/tweet
      * Allows the user to post a tweet of 140 characters or less. The user can enter hashtags afterward. 
  * Menu option: Logout
  * While user is logged on, the client displays in real time any messages sent by any of the user's subscription
  * Menu option: Hashtag search
      * User can search for a hashtag and he or she will get the last 10 tweets containing that hashtag
  * Menu option: See followers
      * Display the users that are following this user
      
Server Side: 

  * Validate a user login from a list of user accounts
  * Maintains a list of each user's subscription. Allows the client to change their subscriptions as they see fit. However, subscriptions must be to valid users.
  * Receive tweets and redistribute them to the appropriate subscribers in real time
  * Stores a list of messages sent out but not delivered because the subscribers were offline
  * Allows some basic administrative functionality by typing the following:
      * "messagecount": display the number of messages received since server was activated
      * "usercount": display the current number of users logged in
      * "storedcount": display the number of messages that have been received but not yet delivered because the user if offline
      * "newuser": permanently add a new username and password to the current list of user accounts
      
__Running the implementation__

*__This implementation is meant to run on mininet. The host IP address and port number in both the server and client must be changed accordingly if running on just terminals.__

1. Move the three files "simple_twitter_server.py", "simple_twitter_client.py", and "finalTopo.py" to a desired directory on mininet
2. Change directory to the directory where the three files are located.
3. Making sure the three files are in your current directory, type the following on the terminal: "sudo mn -X --custom finalTopo.py --topo mytopo"
4. Afterwards, there will be 6 terminals. You can ignore the ones pertaining to the switches.
5. On the terminal labeled "server - s1", run the python script for the simple twitter server with the following command line: "python simple_twitter_server.py"
6. On the three terminals labeled "client - c1", "client - c2", and "client - c3", run the python script for the simple twitter client with the following command line: "python simple_twitter_client.py"
7. At this point the server and three clients will be running. Follow the prompts and menu options to run various funtionality.
